Changelog for mkHaskellPackage 'executables' change (#426)
garnix-io/garn: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.0.17 (unreleased)

- Fix locale warnings on MacOS
- Make `executables` a list, and optional, in `mkHaskellPackage`
- Add `addCabalExecutable` to Haskell projects

> - Make the `mkHaskellPackage` initializer fill in the `executables` based on the cabal file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make `garn init` on Haskell projects fill in the `executables` based on the cabal file.
```
TIOLI.
